Specification:

Program Name: superagi-unleashed

Program Description: 
The superagi-unleashed is a toolkit repository designed for SuperAGI agents to develop Windows executable (.exe) applications. These applications should be installable upon opening them. The toolkit should provide a comprehensive suite of tools and libraries necessary for the development of such applications.

Core Classes, Functions, and Methods:

1. Class: ApplicationBuilder
   - Purpose: This class will be responsible for the creation of the .exe application. It will include methods for setting up the application's properties and compiling it into an .exe file.

2. Function: compile_to_exe(input_files, output_file)
   - Purpose: This function will take the input files (source code, resources, etc.) and compile them into a single .exe file. It will use the PyInstaller or cx_Freeze library for the compilation process.

3. Method: ApplicationBuilder.set_properties(app_name, app_version, app_description)
   - Purpose: This method will be used to set the properties of the application (name, version, description). These properties will be embedded into the .exe file.

4. Method: ApplicationBuilder.add_resources(resource_files)
   - Purpose: This method will be used to add resource files (images, sounds, etc.) to the application. These resources will be embedded into the .exe file.

5. Class: InstallerBuilder
   - Purpose: This class will be responsible for creating an installer for the .exe application. It will include methods for setting up the installer's properties and compiling it into an .exe file.

6. Function: create_installer(app_exe, installer_name)
   - Purpose: This function will take the .exe application file and create an installer for it. It will use the Inno Setup or NSIS library for the creation process.

Dependencies:

1. PyInstaller or cx_Freeze: These libraries will be used to compile Python scripts into standalone .exe files.

2. Inno Setup or NSIS: These tools will be used to create Windows installers for the .exe applications.

3. Python: As the toolkit will be developed in Python, it is a necessary dependency.

Considerations:

1. The toolkit should be easy to use and should require minimal setup from the user. 

2. The toolkit should provide detailed error messages to help users troubleshoot any issues they encounter.

3. The toolkit should be compatible with the latest versions of Windows and Python.

4. The toolkit should be thoroughly tested to ensure it works correctly and produces .exe applications that can be installed upon opening them. 

5. The toolkit should be well-documented, with clear instructions on how to use each feature and examples of how to develop .exe applications.